we're about to complete a great quest
the Holy Grail
dr. Jones Oh wrath the shield is the
second marker Indiana Jones is on the
quest of a lifetime but for some
adventures one Jones is not enough
Junior
don't call me that please
[Music]
I'll race across three continents and in
this shot of race there's no silver
medal for finishing second
into the homeland of the enemy Nazis I
hate these guys
[Music]
our situation has not improved in his
search for the Holy Grail
how do you kiss me
[Music]
are you crazy don't go between up
where's my father in the belly of that
steel Beast
you call this archeology
a quest for the Grail is not archeology
it's race against evil Germany has
declared war on the Jones boys most
people are trying to kill my dad it's a
new experience for me
happens to me all the time Indiana Jones
and the Last Crusade have the adventure
of your life keeping up with the Joneses
you
[Music]